Ruohan Geng
Autobiography
	My name is Ruohan, a sophomore from CS major. This summer I play Fall Guys and tft(lol). I really like mmorpg games, especially the themes related to Chinese martial arts. From middle school to now, I have played four or five different types of mmorpg, and my favorite is a game called Reacherous Waters Online. 
	My current major is computer science, but in fact the major I wanted to choose was game design. The reason for choosing CS is that parents have a certain prejudice towards the game at the beginning. In my hometown of China, many parents think that games are bad things for children to indulge. My parents did the same, so at the beginning, my dream was opposed. Although they no longer interfere now, I also have more ideas about careers. 
	I started playing games for a short time, starting in high school, but it didn't affect my passion. I have tried to make simple games with rpg maker. I think this is an expression of the personal will of the developer. I am a novelist and I have been persisting since eight years ago. Although my work is not well-known, expressing personal thoughts through words is something I think is very meaningful. I think that making a simple game independently has the same thing as writing, which is to show my inner world. But through the follow-up understanding of the game production team, I think a game should be diversified, rather than simply expressing personal will.
Right now my dream is to become a game modeler. Although this is very difficult because my art foundation is very poor. After ten years old until now, I haven't tried drawing for many years. But last summer I learned some basic modeling (although it is related to civil engineering). I was initially interested in modelers because of a game I was playing, called Onmyoji. The biggest feature of this game is modeling. Many character in this game are very exciting, but the final result is not good enough due to insufficient modeling. I think it would be cool if I could make a game character by myself, or put on the equipment I made for the character in the game. Recently, I am trying to exercise my drawing skills and have chosen some courses related to modeling. Although my major is computer, which may be more suitable for programming-related work, I am still more interested in modeling.
	The reason I chose this course is to learn the basics of game making. I first saw this class last year, but due to professional course arrangements, I didn’t have time until this year. In order to free up some credits, I also took several math classes during the summer vacation. I want to understand how a game is born, and I want to complete my work by studying this lesson.